Creating new plugin tutorial (#19)
membraneframework/membrane_tutorials: create_new_plugin/create_new_plugin.md

# Creating your own plugin

> During the development of Membrane Framework we aim at designing fewer, but higher quality plugins. However we also kept extendability and reusability in mind. That's why it is easy for developers like you to create their own custom plugin, which satisfies their needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the development of Membrane Framework we aim at designing fewer, but higher quality plugins. However, we also kept extendability and reusability in mind. That's why it is easy for developers like you to create their own custom plugin, which satisfies their needs.
```

In this short guide we provide you with an overview of how to create your own Membrane plugin and how to integrate it into your project.

# Membrane plugin template

> In order to create new plugin we recommended using the [template](https://github.com/membraneframework/membrane_template_plugin) which has been made for this very purpose and which will be the base of your plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to create a new plugin, we recommend using the [template](https://github.com/membraneframework/membrane_template_plugin) which has been made for this very purpose and which will be the base of your plugin.
```
